I'm gonna miss you so much,
but we can speak on the computerso you'll see my face.
But we won't be able
to touch you.
Hey, look.
You'll still have me.
-Just you?-Yes. Just-- Your father. Hi.
We have been invited
to a highly exclusive event.
We will be spending
this Sunday evening
at our neighbor Sean's
Superb Owl party.
Vampires have huge respect
for owls.
One: they're nocturnal,
two: they're predators,
and three:
they don't give a hoot
where they dump their scat.
NADJA:
The party we're going to
is celebrating the Superb Owl,
who is the greatest owl
of all time.
Do you think we're going to getto touch its little beak?
Depends what mood he's in.
Yeah, I know
it's a Super Bowl party, but
I tried to correct them
and they wouldn't listen.
That's the owl's egg.
Also, I didn't try
all that hard.
♪ Don't sing if you want
to live long♪
♪ They have no use
for your song♪
♪ You're dead, you're dead,
you're dead♪
♪ You're dead
and out of this world♪
♪ Now your hope and compassion
is gone♪
♪ You sold out your dream
to the world♪
♪ Stay dead, stay dead,
stay dead♪
♪ You're dead
and out of this world.♪
Remember, no killing
at this Superb Owl party...
-Super Bowl.
-...out of respect
for our good friend
and host, Sean.
NANDOR:
Once this evening is over,
Guillermo will have
a nice assortment
-of virgins for us.
Oh-- and behave.
-Blend in.
This is an all-human party.
Hey!
You guys made it! Nadja...
Nandor... My man Laz...
Dilbert-looking guy.
So, what are you waiting for?
Get your rears in gear
and get in here.
-That counts.
SEAN:
All right, come on!
Yo, Charmaine!
Look who it is.
-Our European neighbors
from next door.
-Oh.
Could you run to the ShopRite
and grab a few more bags
of those Tostitos Hint of Limes
before you start drinking?
SEAN:
First off, I already started.
-What?
-Now you're catching
an attitude?
-Right in front of our guests?
-: Well,
this is my house.
I can catch whatever I want.
Why don't you go catch it
somewhere else?
Oh, shut up.
SEAN:
It's always something
with this one.
Anyway, come on in.
Listen, we're sort of
a no-shoes household,
-so, uh...
-I'm not taking my shoes off
for anyone.
That's fine, Laz.
GUILLERMO:
Virgins, virgins, virgins...
Stupid. I don't know
why I always do that.
You know, I've been thinking
about my lineage lately,
and just because
I have Van Helsing blood in me
doesn't mean that I'm destined
to be this vampire killer.
Get back!
I'm sure that
somewhere along the line
there was an amazing baker
in my family, right?
But does that make me
an amazing baker?
Actually, I am a really,
really good baker.
Oh, no.
COLIN:The thing with motion smoothing
that you have to remember
is, you want it on
for sporting events
but off for TV and movies.
Even take a football movie,
like 1974's The Longest Yard,
starring mustachioed actor
Burt Reynolds.
Dude, you're--
you're blocking kickoff.
Well, better to not watch
the game at all
than to watch
in the wrong format, right?
NADJA:
Colin, enough!
They want the owl.
So, do you have any knowledge
of the owl's temperament
tonight?
Uh, I hope it's not too fussy.
Who, Charmaine?
No, she's always like that.
-CHARMAINE: What'd you say,
Frankie?
-FRANK: Oh, nothing.
You still owe me $100
for that pizza night.
-Oh, get out of here!
-No, you don't get to talk
-until you give me that pizza...-I paid you back two weeks ago.
-SEAN: Get off it, Charmaine!
-He never paid me back.
-Get off it!
-100 bucks for pizza?
Ugh, Nadia, you must be
miserable in here.
All this testosterone. Come on.
The other wives are having
a little powwow in the kitchen.
-Sean has more wives?
-SEAN: I wish.
Excuse me?
-Nothing, nothing.
-Yeah, that's what I thought.
MIKEY :
Busted.
So, how come we never see
you guys around here
-during the regular season?
-SEAN: Believe me, I tried
to get 'em to hang,
but they never seem to be aroundduring the day.
You know, come to think of it,
I really only see them at night.
It's like they're, uh, vampiresor something.
-Get in.
Fuck.
You heard what he said.
He knows we're vampires.
Um, ocupado.
Yes. Uh, we are just taking
a nice shit together.
WOMAN:
I-I'll come back.
I think we need to...
-What, "whack" him?
-Yes.
No, if we "whack" him,
we'll have to "whack" everybody.
The place will be
a fucking bloodbath.
But he knows our dark secret.
All right.
Let's get him to a private placewhere we'll both hypnotize him.
He'll forget everything.
-Good old double hypnosis.
-Yes.
GUILLERMO:
It's tough finding new groups
of virgins.
Tried joggers. Hard to catch
and very sweaty and slippery.
Tried incels.
Definitely virgins.
But very bitter, apparently.
"Mosquito Collectors
of the Tristate Area."
Beep, beep, beep. Nerd alert.
I'm kidding.
They are nerds, though.
They're probably virgins.
Sourcing food for my master
does have its benefits.
It gives me a chance to search for my own food.
And save some for later.
So, um,
how long have you guys been, uh,collecting mosquitoes for?
Seems like it would take up
a lot of your time
and it wouldn't leave much timefor anything else.
Dating.
What makes you so interested
in mosquito collecting, son?
-Well?
-Uh, I love insects.
Mosquitoes
are an evil, deadly species.
Doesn't the fact that they drinkhuman blood sicken you?
-Yeah.-CLAUDE: Yeah? Sure about that?
You guys are the ones
with the mosquito club.
- Just...
-What about
other creatures
that drink human blood?
Creatures with sharp teeth
and stupid accents?
You...
Y-You mean, um, vampires?
You said that, not me.
You did.
But yeah.
Do evil, bloodsucking vampires
sicken you?
Yeah. Yeah.
-They make me sick.
-You sure about that?
Yeah, I want to throw up
right now.
Well, brother,you've come to the right place.
He's worthy.
-Yes.
-Come on, guys. He's worthy.
-TONYA: Oh.
Like we practiced.
-Activate.
-Yes!
CLAUDE:
Huh?
Holy...
-You guys are vampire hunters.
Hell, yeah, we are.
Yeah, that mosquito thing?
It's all a cover.
Actually,
you're the first person
we've gotten to do
that cool reveal for.
Wow.
Moving around like a l-lunatic.Put a collar
on the guy, you know?
Great joke, assholes.
-We were just saying
what a beautiful house
-you have.
-Oh, thanks.
Yes. Uh, we were also wondering
if it has an attic
or basement or...
-Yeah.
-...dark, soundproof room
you could show us?
Oh, you guys want a tour.
Yeah, sure. So, these steps
were built by my Uncle Fulvio
in 2011.
-And then Sean says to me,
"Why don't we wait to celebrateour anniversary until after
"I get back
from the Islanders game?
-If they win."
-What?
-LIZA: My Ronnie did
the exact same thing to me,
only he did it
on the same day
as my sister's funeral.
-CHARMAINE: No.
-Are you kidding?
-Yeah. He said that...
NADJA:
I had completely forgotten
that when a human
takes a mate, the mate keepsgrowing and changing and aging.
-LIZA: He said that.
-Wow.
Can I ask you all, m-my ladies,
you are all
such strong, beautiful,
-vicious, vibrant women.
-Yes.
How did you all end up married
to such boiled potatoes?
You know what, though?Seanie used to be so thoughtful.
He was so sweet.
When my dog had to get put down,
he brought me flowers
for a month straight.
WENDY:
Oh, yeah, I remember that.
CHARMAINE:
Yeah, what happened to us?
NADJA:
These poor women.
They take a lovely,
handsome chap
from the street,
make him their husband,
and then,
in the blinks of an eye,
he becomes
a big, lazy sack of shit.
So sad.
All right.
Who needs some more wine?
I think
that this bottle's turned,
-but it'll still
get the job done.
-Yes, please.
-You love wine.
-WENDY: Oh, yeah.
-CHARMAINE: Hey, Joanie.
What, are you lost? Do you wantto go back up to bed?
Oh, what kind of movie
are you making?
-There's a camera.
-CHARMAINE: Oh.
You should get back up to bed.
-Oh, we love wine.
WENDY:
Holy shit.
-What?
-JOAN: It's you.
I-It's you. I-I used
to see you sitting
up in the tree.
No, Ma, this is
our next-door neighbor.
I'm sorry about her.
This is Sean's mom.
The neurologist
has her on Aricept now,
but when the sun goes down,
she gets a little mixed up.
You transformed yourself
into a cat.
-You taught me the dance
-of the ancient soothsayer.
-NADJA: Ooh!
Calm yourself, dear.
You're just feeling
a little bit demented,
that's all.
I'm so sorry about your brain.
Oh, yeah, everythingshe's saying is completely true.
I am Nadja.
Sean's mother Joanie grew up
right here in this house.
We used to have
so much fun together.
I used to pin her
to the ceiling for hours.
She cried and cried.
-I know you.
-Guys, uh, can you help
get Ma back up to bed?
I know her. I know who she is.
NADJA: She used to be
such a cute, little
fresh-faced girl.
But now she just looks
like an elephant's knee.
-Okay, don't make me
pick you up, Joan.
-NADJA: Sorry
-about how demented you are. Oh.-
SEAN:
And here it is.
The crown jewel of the home.
The world's largest collection
of Ocean's Twelvememorabilia.
Brad Pitt's tinted sunglasses
from when
he first meets Baron Toulour.
Ooh!
Scott Caan bobblehead,
mint condish. Yeah, it's like,
they did some decent
world-building in Eleven,
but it all pays off
in Ocean's Twelve.
You need to fucking stop talkingabout the sea.
-What?
-We know that you know
our secret.
What secret?
That we are vampires.
You said it downstairs in front
-of all of your round friends.
-I was just joking.
You're not vampires.
Get the fuck out of here.
Yes, we are.
Whoa! How are you doing this?
Where are the wires?
How are you doing that?!
I'm thinking
maybe he didn't know.
-So, we shouldn't hypnotize him?-
-No, now we definitely should.
-Oh, fuck.
Vampires are real.
-Vampires are real!
-Let the double hypnosis
-commence.
We command
-that you forget...
-You forget
-everything.
-...that we are vampires,
please.
I think it's worked.
What happened?
Quite all right, Sean?
Uh, yeah, totally.
But wh-who's Sean?
Shit. He's forgotten everything.
CLAUDE:
So, what are some of the terms
we use for vampires?
Mosquitoes.
Suckers. Biters.
GUILLERMO :
I know that it seems like
a big coincidence that I go outlooking for virgins
and find a secret den
of vampire hunters,
but this is no coincidence.
Okay? It's like
the universe has been trying
to tell me for a long time,
"Hey, Guillermo."
And I've been like, "I don't
know, I don't think so."
But now like, "Hey, Guillermo.
Yeah, dude. Yeah."
CLAUDE:
Familiars
are pathetic,
lonely, desperate, low-IQ,
sad losers.
They live to do the bidding
of their cruel,
uncaring masters.
Okay, gonna open up the floor to
any thoughts and/or suggestions.
Oh, um, Claude, okay.
One idea that I had is, uh,
that I think that we should
all have sex with each other.
'Cause that way if any of us
is a virgin, then, you know,
we wouldn't be any longer.
And then it would prevent us
from being targeted
-by vampires.
-Derek...
you need to stop
suggesting that.
Okay, yeah, yeah,
to-totally, yeah.
Knock, knock, Joanie.
Miss Nadja, is it really you?
Yes, of course it is me.
I was lying down there.
Oh, I've missed you so much,
my little Joanie!
So, did you have a good life?
Uh, yes.
I-I think so. Oh!
I took a trip to Nova Scotia
at one point.
And did you marry
that boy you liked?
-Franklin?
-Yeah.
Oh, yes, I...
Oh, wow, look.
You were very beautiful
for a very brief moment.
Wait.
Where did you get this necklace?
This is my necklace.
-Pardon?
-The jade one in this photo.
You motherfucker!
It was my prized jade necklace.
It was given to me  by my mother when I was young,
just before she was
eaten by a bear.
I should have known
you would have stolen it!
You were always
a sneaky little human shit!
You know, if you listen to it,you can still hear her screams.
-It was the type of jade
that absorbs human screams.
And she was really screaming.
So it took it very strongly.
Thieving bitch!
Give it back to me!
You little brat, where is it?!
I don't know what you're
talking about!
You are a lying piece
of old cabbage!
But I don't know what
you're talking-- help!
Help! I'm having
an episode! Help!
-She attacked me!
-Oh, no, she didn't.
-Oh, she-she did.
-Nadia, go.
Go enjoy yourself,
we'll take care of her.
-Ma, she didn't attack you.
-She-she did.
Mama? Mama?
Scream for me.
My mother gave it to me.
She said, um, "I can't
wait to see you wear this
for the rest of your life
every minute of every day."
And then, honestly,
the next day,
walked out the house
and bam-- bear.
Mama, scream for me
if you're here.
That is worse than a bible--
that burns my eyes.
Mama?
Mama!
COLIN:
Sure, the guys on the field
are having a good time today,
but they're not gonna be havingsuch a good time in 20 years.
That's when they'll have
applesauce sloshing
around in their skulls.
Has anyone heard the ancient
screams of a very large woman?
ANNOUNCER:
What a throw by...
-The halftime show--
a lot of people consider that
to be the highlight.
I like the commercials.
I like to see what they come
up with for the Clydesdales
-each year.
-All right, bros, who's ready
for piping-hot nachos
fresh from the microwave?
FRANK:
Uh, Sean, those are batteries.
LASZLO:
It is possible
to over-hypnotize,
and I fear
that's what we've done
with Sean.
You see, there's various
levels of over-hypnosis.
If it's not too serious, it's
what's called "Weak Brain."
If it's slightly worrying, it's  called "Thoughtless Sallies."
And if it's a fucking nightmare  and you can forget about him,
it's "Brain Scramblies."
Yes! Yes!
Go, go, yeah,
no, oh, come on!
How is that a yellow card?!
Are you kidding me?!
Typically, when a vampire turnsa human's brain into pudding
from over-hypnosis,
the proper etiquette is
to put them
out of their misery...
by murdering them.
We're not gonna kill him.
It goes against
our non-killing agreement.
Yes, but it is now
necessary to do
the humane thing
and rip Sean's head off.
-Uh, not now.
We are taking
a human shit together.
-Uh...
-Have either of you two seen
a jade necklace containing
the bloodcurdling screams
of my dead mother in here?
Eh... oh, maybe check behind
the Andy Garcia cross-stitch.
SEAN:
No soap? Radio?
Ha, bowling ball.
Nandor wants to kill Sean 'causehe's got the Brain Scramblies.
Well, then Nandor is correct.
Have you gone soft,
my sweet syrup pie?
No, my sweet syrup pie,
I've gone hard.
-'Cause he's my best friend,
he's my pal.
He's my homeboy,
my rotten soldier.
He's my sweet cheese,
my good-time boy.
Laszlo, this is clearly
what must be done.
Oh, Yahtzee!
For Sean's own sake.
I'll go get
my head-ripping gloves.
No, no, no, hang on, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
We're not animals.
Let's give him one
last night to remember.
One magical night
on Earth before we...
"whack" him.
Well, okay, yes, that is fair.
I can feel it, guys.
I mean, I really think
we are, like,
this close to finding
our first vampire.
-Yes.
-Wait, so you guys
have never actually...
met or seen a real vampire.
Well, come on,
it's not like they're just
walking around
in broad daylight, you know?
-Yeah.
-Throwing a football
in the park.
-Seriously.
-Running errands.
-Yeah.
-Going to the bank.
-Eating a pretzel.
-Yeah.
-Walking a dog...
-SHANICE: I have.
My roommate
was turned
by a vampire.
And became a vampire.
She died right
in front of my eyes.
But then she came back to life.
What the fuck?!
But she was different, sick...
unnatural.
And eventually she just...
vanished.
Her future was so bright.
She was such a brilliant LARPer.
GUILLERMO:
I think Shanice and I
might have a mutual friend.
Small world.
This is the life.
Hanging out with
my three favorite gerbils.
I only have one question--
are we inside or outside?
-You need to focus, Sean.
-Huh?
And enjoy the most magical
night of your life.
Hold tight.
What? Whoa...
How are you doing this?!
What's going on now?!
Oh, God, no! Mother Mary!
-Wait for us.
-Here we come.
Hey!
Oh, no, no! Fuck me!
LASZLO:
Now that you've experienced
the pleasure of flying,
enjoy the marvel
of transfiguration.
What?
Bat!
Whoa! Where'd that asshole go?!
Oh, God! Get off!
Look at that,
he's having a lovely time.
-He loves this.
-No, get out of my hair!
Get out of my hair! Get...!
-Sean, look at me.
-No!
Stop that! What are you doing?
It ain't natural!
Are you enjoying
watching me, Sean?
No! Stop it! Get down here!
Ooh, get a good look at this!
Wow!
-Holy shit!
-Sorry, Laszlo.
But, you know,
it's his last night.
LASZLO:
I don't care.
And now for the grand finale.
NANDOR:
We vampires have
dominion of animals.
So we decided
to throw you a little
puppy party.
What have you done?!
-Oh, God!
-Sean.
We did something
really good tonight.
I'm proud of us.
-Yes.
-My boys.
I haven't really had
many real friends.
So, when I met Jenna,
my whole life changed, really.
But she was taken from me.
GUILLERMO:
I guess I never really
think about
the victims or their families.
Uh, I guess I switched
that part of my brain off
with, um, feelings and emotions.
Killing vampires,
killing humans,
collecting victims--
it's all so nasty and ugly.
And, you know, I devoted
my life to it, so...
SHANICE:
So that's why I'm here!
Because vampires cause
nothing but pain!
-Hear, hear.
Come on, say "aye"
if you're with me.
-Aye!
-I have to go.
I'm so sorry.
-I think I left
my toilet running.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
-We're just about to start
crossbow practice.
-What's that?
-Derek got us some mannequins
to use as targets.
Yeah.
-Get a load of this, huh?
-That's a weapon.
-Yeah.
-And those are vampires?
Yeah, I got the costumes
at a Halloween store.
Okay, I don't think
I'd be really...
Damn, pimp!
-I have to go.
-Whoa!
I'm sorry, is-is it just me,
or is this guy an epic pimp?
We'll see you
on Wednesday, right?
No, yeah, a-and if you don't,
it was really nice meeting you.
And, Shanice, I'm very
sorry about your friend.
And you guys should be
really careful
when dealing with vampires--
they're no joke.
CLAUDE:
Hey, hope to see you
again soon, son.
And not just 'cause you,
you have wicked skills
with the C-bow.
You're a mighty cool dude,
Guillermo.
Thank you.
CLAUDE:
Just slide it.
-Yeah, push it to the left...
-Yeah, you got
-to throw your weight into it.
-There you go, you got it.
All right, we'll close it--
don't worry about it.
GUILLERMO:
All right.
Well, that was a lot of fun,
old chap.
I bet you could die a happy man.
He's worse than before.
We've ruined him again.
All the more reason to put him
out of his misery.
Go ahead, Nandor.
Yes.
Here I go.
Head rub time.
LASZLO:
Forgive us, old chap.
Oh, my God.
Who is that piece of ass?
Mamaloosha!
That is Charmaine.
You know her?
She's your wife.
Yeah.
-I wish.
-Seanie!
I've been calling for you
for, like, 20 minutes.
The garbage disposal's
all messed up again.
You are the most
beautiful creature
I have ever seen.
CHARMAINE:
Stop messing around.
SEAN:
I want to spend the rest
of my life making you happy.
This is for you.
It's a token of my undying love.
You emptied out a junk drawer?
-What the hell is
wrong with you?
Wha... what is this?
-What?
-This is beautiful.
Seanie, did you get this for me?
-That is my necklace.
-Oh, my God, Seanie.
-This is a bloody...
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Leave them to it, my darling.
I suppose it is quite sweet.
I'll just get it when they die.
NANDOR:
So, we didn't need
to kill Sean after all.
Yes, his mind has been wiped
to a blank slate and now
he can start a new one just
focused on the amazingness
of his wife
and his marriage, and
he doesn't remember
we're vampires at all.
Come on, Colin Robinson.
-We're off.
-Hold on a minute.
I-I may have overdone it.
This one just pissed himself.
Who cares? Come on, let's go.
NANDOR:
So, all in all, I would say
our first Superb Owl celebration
was a marked success.
Even though the owl
didn't show up.
♪ Ooh, night owl♪
♪ Well, yeah♪
-♪ Here come the night owl♪
-♪ Ooh, night owl♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh...♪
Can you tell me,
how is it you haven't aged
after all these years?
I have the gift of eternal life.
Oh, wow.
-Yeah, well.
-Oh, can you
share this gift with me?
I would love to be young again.
Yeah, that's not really
how it works.
If I turned you,
you would stay forever...
like this.
Oh.
-Well, I'll pass, then.
-Yeah.
♪ Ooh, night owl♪
-♪ Now you try to tell me♪
-♪ Ooh, night owl♪
♪ What a fool you've been♪
♪ Ooh, night owl♪
-♪ Yes, but it's all-all over♪
-♪ Ooh, night owl♪
♪ Be on your merry way♪
♪ Ooh.♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
"Total protection
from the sun."
-VOCALIST: Hey!
Another.
-Ooh, ooh, ooh.
-Text me.
-Nope.
-Mom.
-Yes?
-Okay. I want
a big party this year.
-Serious?
-I want a quinceañera.
-Quinceañera?
We can't do that.
We're too white for that.
We're not allowed.
Do me a favor?Never look me in the eye again.
Okay? 'Cause your stare
is way too intense.
It's starting to make
my hair fall out.
Our women do not
consider themselves
enslaved by marriage.
And they certainly
do not want to sacrifice
their present privileges
for some phony equality
with men.
WOMAN: What is Devs?
What is Devs?